changelog: JS client 10.0.0 (#582)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2025/03-25-js-client-10.0.0.md

---
title: 'JS Client 10.0.0 is available'
date: 2025-03-25
tags:
  - client
  - javascript
authors:
  - name: Pierre De Soyres
    link: https://github.com/pdesoyres-cc
    image: https://github.com/pdesoyres-cc.png?size=40
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40
description: Preparing new features
excludeSearch: true
---

> [Clever Cloud JS client 10.0.0](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-client.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1000-2025-03-25) is available. In this release, we cleaned up lots of legacy code and now longer generate CommonJS client as we moved to ECMAScript modules (ESM). `eslint`, `prettyier` and `typecheck` are now included and used as part of our quality code check and release process. `ResourceLogStream` class is available to manage for new SSE add-ons logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Clever Cloud JS client 10.0.0](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-client.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#1000-2025-03-25) is available. In this release, we cleaned up lots of legacy code and no longer generate CommonJS client as we moved to ECMAScript modules (ESM). `eslint`, `prettier` and `typecheck` are now included and used as part of our quality code check and release process. `ResourceLogStream` class is available to manage for new SSE add-ons logs.
```
